Our Code of Conduct is our commitment to the community to provide a welcoming,
safe space for all its participants. All speakers, sponsors and volunteers at StarCon are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the event and social media spaces.

# Quick Version #

StarCon is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment of conference participants, speakers, or sponsors in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter and other online media. Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organisers.

# Long Version #

## Unacceptable Behavior ##

**Unacceptable behaviors include:** intimidating, harassing, abusive,
discriminatory, derogatory or demeaning speech or actions by any participant in
our community online, at all related events and in one-on-one communications
carried out in the context of community business. Community event venues may be
shared; please be respectful to all patrons of these locations.

**Harassment includes:** harmful or prejudicial verbal or written comments
related to gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, disability;
inappropriate use of nudity and/or sexual images in public spaces (including
presentation slides); deliberate intimidation, stalking or following; harassing
photography or recording; sustained disruption of talks or other events;
inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

## Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior ##

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors and those
with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the community
organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including a
temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the conference without warning (and
without refund in the case of a paid event).

## Experiencing Unacceptable Behavior ##

If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any other
concerns, please _______.

Additionally, community organizers are available to help community members
engage with local law enforcement or to otherwise help those experiencing
unacceptable behavior feel safe. In the context of in-person events, organizers
will also provide escorts as desired by the person experiencing distress.

## Addressing Grievances ##

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating this Code of
Conduct, you should contact ________ , with a concise
description of your grievance.

## Scope ##

We expect all community participants (participants, organizers, sponsors, and
other guests) to abide by this Code of Conduct in all community
venues&mdash;online and in-person&mdash;as well as in all one-on-one
communications pertaining to community business.

## Contact Information ##



# License Information and Attribution #

This Code of Conduct is distributed under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/), derived from the
[Open Source Bridge Code of
Conduct](http://opensourcebridge.org/about/code-of-conduct/).

*Version 1.0, adopted by StarCon on ________.*
